1. Full Binary Tree -> Each node has exactly zero or two children.

2. Compelete Binary Tree -> A binary tree, which is completely filled with the possible exception of the bottom level, which is
    filled from left to right.
    
3. When to use AVL tree and when to use Red-Black tree?
    Ans :- If searching is frequent then we should you AVL tree,
           and if Modification is frequest then we should you Red-Black tree.
           
4. Design Data structure which give 0(1) time complexity in all CURD opearation.       
    Ans :- For this requirement what we will do is we will create a array of same size as original array.
    and while inserting or deleting value we will insert true or false in another array. And value of the 
    array can be get by index only so before checking the value in original array we first see the value
    of another array is true or false. If it is false then value has been deleted and if it is returning
    true it means value is present in the array. By this technique we can achive the 0(1) complexity.
   
    https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/data-structure-n-elements-o1-operations/
   
5. How find that is there cycle in LinkedList?

6. Find the middle of a given linked list?
    Method 1:
        Traverse the whole linked list and count the no. of nodes. Now traverse the list again till count/2 and return the node at count/2.
    Method 2:
        Traverse linked list using two pointers. Move one pointer by one and other pointer by two. When the fast pointer reaches end slow 
        pointer will reach middle of the linked list.
        
7. Height vs Depth of tree?
    The depth of a node is the number of edges from the node to the tree's root node.
    A root node will have a depth of 0.

    The height of a node is the number of edges on the longest path from the node to a leaf.
    A leaf node will have a height of 0.
        
How do you reverse a linked list?
How do you reverse a singly linked list without recursion? (solution)
How are duplicate nodes removed in an unsorted linked list? (solution)
How do you find the length of a singly linked list? (solution)
How do you find the third node from the end in a singly linked list? (solution)
How do you find the sum of two linked lists using Stack? (solution)
How do you reverse a linked list in place? (solution)
How to add an element at the middle of the linked list? (solution)
How do you sort a linked list in Java? (solution)
What is the difference between array and linked list? (answer)
How to remove Nth Node from the end of a linked list? (solution)
How to merge two sorted linked list? (solution)
How to convert a sorted list to a binary search tree? (solution)
Given a linked list and a value x, partition it such that all nodes less than x come before nodes greater than or equal to x. (solution)
How to remove duplicates from a sorted linked list? (solution)
How to find the node at which the intersection of two singly linked lists begins. (solution)
How to check if a given linked list is a palindrome? (solution)
How to remove all elements from a linked list of integers which matches with given value? (solution)    
    
