1st Round (2 hours) 1. 16 Aptitude tests which contains  puzzles, math questions etc. Most of the questions from Quantitative Aptitude 
by R.S.Agarwal 2. 14 Java Objective Questions. Very very easy as they are basic questions. 3. Find the maximum element in a null 
terminated Linked list using recursions. Recursion is important. If the solution is not recursive, they would reject the solution.
4. 1 Math Question. A B C + A B C + A B C C C C 1 Medium difficulty Puzzle 2nd Round (2 hours) 1. Why did you leave Company 1 and join
Company 2 and so on till why do you want to leave the current Company? 2. Details on Tech used for the project and the explanation/usage
of the architecture. 3. Do you J2EE, Jsp, HashMap etc 4. Design Data Connection Pooling in Java. We are expected to implement a library
which will used by clients. They give a maximum of 45 minutes to solve this question 5. 1 puzzle. 3rd Round(1 hour) 1. Discussion on 
projects and counter questioning on how could it be done in a better way. The interviewer was more interested in how I took part in 
analyzing the problem. 2. 2 Simple puzzles and 1 Medium difficulty puzzle. 3. I have to move the Statue of Liberty from point A to B.
How would you do it? This is basically to test your handle over the SDLC steps along with Problem Solving. I mentioned that it was a 
logistic issue which has been solved by most people and I would be following the similar things to track my package's state and location.


1. How does substring () inside String works?

2. What is difference between Executor.submit() and Executer.execute() method ?

3. What happens if an exception not caught?
Ans ->  It leads to the termination of the program within which through when an uncaught exception results in the uncaughtException() method of the thread’s ThreadGroup,
        it invokes.

4. Write a comparator which can be used to compare any type of objects?

----------------------------------------------CITI----------------------------------------------

1. Overloading and overriding rules.
2. Parent method throwing public and child is throwing protected is it valid.
3. What is method signature.
4. throws in method overloading.
5. 
        Class A {
                public A getInstance(String c){
                }
        }
6. why java does't support mutliple inheritace?        
        Class B extends A {
                public B getInstance(String c){
                }
        }
        
6. How to create immutable class.
7. How will you resolve cycle dependency between two classes.
8. Traversal of binary tree.
9. How IOC container works.
10. Bean scope in spring.
11. what is DI in spring.
12. Difference between HashMap, ConcurrentHashMap and synchronizedMap?
